countin some numbers take one here we go
are you ready all right here we go
hey Brady you caught me in the rain uh
here's your numbers hi Brady Jodie
Foster forever okay here we go
testing all right this is CGP grey zero
to nine well I'm gonna need a zero zero
zero or maybe you want Oh or not nine
eight
let me see the get bit closer okay
[Laughter]
today's cool five three 3.14159265 three
five eight nine seven nine three two
three eight four six here we go
zero-one the dogs the dogs have
something to say about this well anyway
if you're doing binary you're done now
but maybe we should do more five three
one all right it's a really awkward
doing nice frame in there for you hi
three four five I didn't think this
through
oh my did you say I like the number
eight it's infinity one five
6 9 2 3 4 0 1 2 3 0 1 5 5 then I'll make
it a little bit interesting for you no I
know I'll do that again without sirens
in the background
9 0
gap Sun hot set Michael it was a hot set
gone 1 2 3 4 5 8 9 that was really
convenient and one a little slower just
in case and again but a little faster 2
6 4 double three eight three two seven
nine five zero two double eight four one
nine seven one six nine three double
nine three seven five one zero eight
nine zero zero
I don't why did the hand thing that was
weird and creepy Congrats on the file
nine nine nine nine ten nine ten
he didn't need ten I'm squinting from
the Sun of eight nine zero
I almost said ten seven eight nine ten
nine ten nine ten eleven okay zero nine
almost certain almost eight nine zero
seven eight nine what five eight two
zero nine seven four nine double four
five nine two three zero seven eight one
six four six six
[Applause]
seven eight nine ten and if you want to
do hexadecimal we can add a couple more
a b c d e there you go
six I forgot to have f11 I don't know
where the other one went seven eight
nine zero B me Jonas is awesome
Devin awesome is that eight zero there
are six two eight six two eight zero
double nine eight six two eight zero
three four eight two five three four two
double one seven zero six seven nine
love you guys eight nine nine nine zero
seven eight nine
three point point
mmm commercial Asians man hopefully
that's good and sorry for the delay I
love you very much
goodbye eight nine there you go Brady
how do people count all right there bye
zero